By the way if you're wondering why there is no name being displayed,
I have it back on my backend code here in get posts, we should add populate creator to not just fetch the
creator ID but the full object for that creator and on create post,
well there we have the issue that the post I am sending through socket.io is just a post object where
I did add my creator ID but not all the creator data.
Now how can we fix that or how can we add more data?
Well we can send the entire post _doc data, so all the data about the post but set the creator
equal to an object where we do have the _id, that will be our request
user ID
but where I also then add my name field which will be user.name and user.name can be used because of
fetching the user here and that will be an object which also has a name.
So that's just a little tweak we want to add here to send all the data with a created post that we
need on the frontend.
If we now save that and we reload, we get the data up because of that change in get posts and if I now
add a new post, another duck, choose a duck, add some content and click acccept, we also see the name there.
Now both users are named Max but still keep in mind, the left user we logged in with is a different
user than on the right and still we get the updates here due to socket.io.